I've talked a lot about my channel
comic book characters but who are they
the guys who write them and draw
good today I'll start this section where
we will review the career of artists
influential in the world of comics and for
start we'll see one of the most
influential and known
I speak of Alan Moore was born on 18
November 1953 in north antón
england considers itself the
magician of chaos is of anarchist ideology
and presents misanthropic features from
small felt attraction for the comic and
at the end of the 70s his career began
as a cartoonist under the pseudonym jill
the rye posted maxwell by magic cat in
the newspaper north nes post until 1986
fully decided screenwriting he made
some works for magazines
marvel luca for 2000 art and for
warrior his first works were
british captain ski fencing fault
jones also in warrior magazine
he published miracle man and started to conceive
one of those that would be one of your most
known works ve de vendetta
when the warrior magazine closed the
comics editor called him for
Work there
Alan Moore took a character almost
forgotten as he was his amp team and he re
he totally imagined the title
quickly became a success of
sales to see the talent that moore
he owned more jobs were commissioned
as batman the murderous joke drawn
by Brian Dolan where the
possible origin of the superman joker for
the man who has everything and superman
what happened to the man of tomorrow in the
that the end of the superman of
the silver age when dc bought a
charleston comics was commissioned to moore
write a comic to integrate the
characters to the universe dc moore wrote
a script that the editor liked so much
who preferred to do it with others
characters this comic would be watchmen the
which would become their debut
with good reception from the
criticism and the public together with a david
lloyd returned to the comic v of vendetta
which was published by dc at the end of
the 80s the relationship of moore with dc
It was quite deteriorated, which is why
decided to leave
1989 wandered through publishing houses
independent for a while during
this public period the giles and from
hell comic very critically acclaimed
after wandering through different
publishers decided to create their own
stamp called america s best comic book in
where he published promises tom strong and the
award-winning knight's league
extraordinary currently follows
thinking new ideas for comics and
developing literary works and
films alan moore has always been in
against your works being taken
to the cinema so he refuses to appear in
movie credits even
when these are well received as
best for vendetta or constantina